hello what's your favorite cookie lately
for the holidays our favorite cookie has
been almond crescents because it is so
buttery nutty and as well as has sugar
and cinnamon on top everyone just loves
them and you can make them all together
because we're fun to roll out together
but I use one part sugar two parts of
almonds three parts butter and five
parts of plain flour and a little bit of
salt maybe a quarter teaspoon mix it all
together the dry stuff and then mix in
the fat which is butter and a bit of
shortening together you can use all
butter if you want I used a mixer to do
this this year I usually do it by hand
but I didn't feel like it so I used it
kind of a dough hook and beat it into a
bowl and there it is all pulped up now
you can't possibly roll these cookies
out like this you have to put them in
the refrigerator overnight or at least a
few hours so that they get cold and hard
enough to roll out otherwise they're a
bunch of goo and when they're gooey they
don't roll they just stick to your
fingers also slime
okay so there's me rolling them out now
they've been in the fridge overnight and
I make one-inch bowls is about the size
that you're going to need and when you
you're done breaking the dough off into
the correct size and kind of needing a
bit as you make the ball you roll them
out into pencil shapes or snake shapes
or worm shapes as some kids call them
and this is good because you can do this
with your children sometimes they like
to pretend it's playdough and they just
a will roll it out and help you a lot
and here my daughter is helping me break
some off and roll some out so it looks
really nice
my other daughter would help me too but
she's not here right now okay we ended
up with about mmm five trays of these
suckers and they were really good that's
about three cookie cans from the size
cookie cans we have rain okay for the
topping you get your powdered sugar and
put in a heaping teaspoon of cinnamon
powder put it all together and mix it
together and that's what you're going to
dump your cookies in my cookie can I
lined the cookie cans with waxed paper
it keeps all the sugar in makes it look
nicer than just the old can and it's
pretty good so each cookie gets covered
with the sugar while the cookies are
still warm they have to be warm or the
sugar will not stick and you just keep
going and doing it yeah seeing some work
songs and does not look pretty like snow
on little worms really tasty yes you'll
love it